oh yeah sure you think when i woke up
this morning that i thought huh i'm
gonna do the tech news today like
that hit me in the face how much storage
is enough for a laptop you think 500
gigs oh what
that's too much well for the more
storage hungry among you eurocom has
expanded the options available for its
built-to-order laptops so you can order
a laptop with up to 28 terabytes of
storage the company has two 17.3 inch
models the sky x9c and the tornado f7w
which sports three m.2 ssd slots and two
two and a half inch bays for ssds or
hard drives eurocom will let you fill
out those m.2 slots with four terabytes
severant rocket drives
sabrina
are they
i thought i said it wrong and the sata
bays with micron eight terabyte ssds now
james i'm no math whiz
but that's 28. you'll probably want to
do some math yourself to figure out if
you can afford this beast though because
that storage alone will cost you ten
thousand seven hundred dollars with a
complete high-end configuration costing
twenty thousand five hundred dollars why
don't i just get a mac pro on that you
can't take that with you
i mean if you if you got the guns maybe
for a while there the u.s took a little
break in its war on huawei you know like
things seemed kind of smooth
everything seemed fine then earlier this
week america claimed it had evidence
that huawei spies on people that used
the company's equipment and yesterday
the department of justice officially
filed new charges against huawei for
racketeering conspiracy and conspiracy
to steal trade secrets who are among the
dependents well james among the
defendants named are the company's cfo
wan zhu meng who was arrested in
vancouver over a year ago the indictment
states that huawei has stolen
intellectual property from other
companies for years and even had an
official program that rewarded their
employees for stealing other company's
secrets huawei has of course denied all
the allegations and has pointed out that
the us itself hasn't exactly been
blameless when it comes to spying ever
heard of joseph gordon levitt i mean
that doesn't make it okay
but they made a movie about and 3d
printing is cool but it can take hours
to print stuff even something as simple
as a life-sized replica of sonic the
hedgehog well long prints might be a
thing of the past as french researchers
have discovered a new method that can
produce detailed objects in seconds
bam while traditional 3d printing
renders objects layer by layer the new
method involves shooting lasers in a
specific configuration at a container
full of resin which hardens into the
shape being projected into it
sounds delicious because the technique
can be used with a number of materials
like liquid plastic or biological gel it
has applications for printing
prosthetics like hearing aids or for
creating models based on medical scans
extremely quickly for surgeons you know
they can be this is what we're looking
at
these are just better now it's time for
quick bits brought to you by brilliant
the problem-solving
problem-solving-based website and app
with over 60 interactive courses in math
science and computer science and it can
also help you achieve your goals in stem
but also puzzle you surprise you and
expand your understanding of the modern
world that's a pretty impressive list
all of brilliant's courses have
storytelling code writing interactive
challenges and problems to solve and now
there's new interactive content that
makes solving puzzles and challenges
even more fun and hands-on check out
their computer science courses you'll
get a strong understanding of algorithms
and you can even learn how to program a
drone to do your bidding
whatever that may be so head to
brilliant.org forward slash tech linked
and get 20 off today but why are the
bits quick
shh
it's fine
they just are
after microsoft was awarded a contract
to provide cloud services to the
pentagon amazon who was previously
favored to win the contract filed a
motion challenging the award in response
to that motion a judge has now put a
temporary block on the government's
decision as they investigate amazon says
they were denied the contract due to
president trump's hatred of jeff bezos
bezos and if they don't win it bezos
won't be able to buy another yacht and
he just needs one more to be happy
let him live come on the nintendo
playstation is actually not something i
just made up it's a console that sony
and nintendo made together in 1988 when
they were buddies i guess and it's being
auctioned off right now with bids
reaching 350 000
one of the top bidders is oculus founder
palmer lucky who apparently hasn't been
in the news for a while he needs to come
back who says the consul would be better
off in his personal game collection than
in a museum do we need to get embiamba
jones in here come on palmer because he
says the line he says it it belongs a
museum
hey
something else to talk about did you
hear about the guy who bought the used
tesla that was equipped with full
self-driving but then tesla removed the
feature after he bought it nose driving
did you hear about it yeah well well
people obviously thought it was a shady
move so tesla has reinstated the
features on the used car it's reassuring
to anyone thinking about buying a used
tesla but also a sucky reminder that we
don't really own anything we have
anymore
except
clothes you get from ltd stores i was
gonna take that
another flaw in intel processors has
been found this time in the firmware of
the company's converged security and
management engine or csme don't know
what that is
me neither but it could allow privilege
escalation denial of service and data
leaks if exploited thankfully the newest
processors aren't vulnerable and patches
are available so
update your electronics and a former
waymo contractor who is apparently
unhappy about being fired for unsafe
behavior swerved his car in front of a
waymo vehicle i'll prove you right
exactly and then he hit the brakes
forcing the waymo to hit him now i don't
know whether he was trying to make waymo
look bad or get a settlement but he
ended up getting arrested because the
thing about self-driving cars is
they can sense disgruntledness
gotta avoid it alright that's enough of
this guys come back on monday for more
tech news and in the meantime i don't
know watch a channel super fun or
something i think there's a new one out
how about that short circuit is that out
too everything's out oh it's all out at
the same time